Uh, this is a question from Mark Bonnke
and Helen Friedrien in Rapid City, South
Dakota. As the US dollar quickly loses
value in relation to other foreign
currencies in 2025, is Berkshire
Hathaway taking steps to minimize this
currency risk and its impact on
quarterly and annual earnings? If so,
please explain. And I I'll just add from
Mary Chang, another shareholder.
Berkshire currently borrows in Japanese
yen to offset its currency risk and its
Japanese stock investments. In the
future, will you invest in foreign
currency denominated assets unhedged?
Yeah. Well, we always have um pretty
much uh the Japanese situation is
different because we we do intend to
stay so long with that position and the
funding situation is so cheap that u we
essentially have have attempted to some
degree to to match purchases against yen
denominated of funding.
Uh but that's not a policy of ours. In
fact, that's the first time we we've
we've done that. And and we've owned
lots of securities of uh of of in in
foreign currency. So
uh we do nothing in in
u in terms of the question about its
impact on quarterly and annual earnings.
uh we don't do anything based on its
I mean there's never been a board
meeting I can remember where I or a
conversation I had with Charlie when I
said where I say if we do this our
annual earnings will be this you know
and therefore we ought to whether it's
accounting or whe anything uh we just
you know the the number will turn out to
be what it'll be what counts as where we
are five or 10 or 20 years from now and
and if you start focusing on what number
you're going to produce. Uh you will
quickly get tempted, at least based on
the experience I've seen from viewing 20
companies, you will get so you'll one
way or another uh play around with the
numbers and sometimes seriously play
around with the numbers. And uh uh I've
seen people that
that you know I trust him in all kinds
of other ways but they regard playing
around with numbers is perfectly okay
and that's just not something you know
we just don't think about that. So uh
actually then the uh the end um
um
uh the relationship of the end behavior
of the end in the last quarter you know
resulted in
certain gap charges and uh but it
doesn't make it it doesn't make any
difference. it'll change next, you know,
next month or next year. And and
obviously, we wouldn't want to
be owning anything that we thought was
in a currency that was really going to
hell. And that's the big thing we worry
about with the United States currency. I
mean it the the
tendency of a
government
to want to debase its currency over time
is there's no system that beats that.
You you can pick dictators, you can pick
representatives, you can do anything.
But but the
people there there will be a a push
toward weaker currencies. And of course
that is I mentioned very briefly in the
annual report that that the that fiscal
policy is what scares me in the United
States
because it's it's made the way it is and
uh and
uh all the
motivations are to doing a lot of things
that will cause can cause trouble with
with money. But that's not limited to
the United States. It's all over the
world and some places it gets out of
control regularly as I know they know
they know
know they
uh they devalue at rates that are
breathtaking and that's con that's
continued. I mean, and you people can
study economics and you can have all
kinds of arrangements, but in the end,
if you've got people that control the
currency,
uh you can you can issue
uh paper money and you will or you
can engage in clipping currencies like
they used to do centuries ago.
or there will always be
people and it's the nature of their job.
I don't I don't I'm not singling them
out as particularly evil or anything
like that,
but the natural course of government is
to is to make the currency worthless
uh over time and uh and that's got
important consequences. And it's very
hard to build checks and balances into
the system to keep that from
happening. And
uh we've had a lot of fun here in the
last either the first 100 days or the
last 100 days, whatever you want to call
it. the uh uh
watching what happens when people try to
make sure that they aren't running
fiscal risks and uh that game isn't over
and it never will be
over, you know, in
finality. If you
look if you look up in in
search the great
inflations
of post World War II, it's just a list
that goes on forever and the same names
keep popping up and everything. So
currency is a the value of currency is a
scary thing and and
uh
uh we don't have any great
system for beating that we do in this
particular Japanese position because
expect to hold it for 50 or 100 years or
more
and we will be owning something that's
denominated in the end and easily
predictable and we'll just as long as
the the carry on it is right and
everything will will uh will attempt to
issue
uh Japanese denominated liabilities but
that that's not because of anything we
care about in terms of quarterly or
annual earnings. Greg, do you have
anything to say on that? I was just
going to say that relative to the
question that there's no question we
were fundamentally very comfortable with
investing in the five Japanese companies
and recognizing we're investing in yen.
The fact we could then borrow in yen was
a almost just like a nice incremental
opportunity. But we were very
comfortable both with the Japanese
companies and with the currency we would
ultimately realize i.e. In the yen.